General corrections and TBDs:

Use \noindent globally at the start of a new paragraph.

Abrupt jumps between sections; add small introductions before starting a new section.

Grammatical errors: of of, the the etc.

Use the acronyms and symbols once introduced, do not use the full forms.

Check grammar in the footnotes.

Specify the page number wherever a book is referred.

Add the figures and tables to the top of the pages to maximise the use of space.

Wherever a paper from the same lab is referred, add more references if available.

Add labels for axes in all figures.

Check if all the notations are used in a unique manner, and check for repetition.

Introduce acronyms in the full form at the first usage in the text and use the acronym henceforth.

Differentiate between the epsilons used in the paper.

Reorder the paper to include CDPRs.

Use c1,c2,c3 instead of e1,e2,e3 for the orientation parameters. - AK

Check the number of significant digits. - AS

Add a table containing all the real FK branches and refer to this table in the figure, 
and the figure captions should refer to the table. - AS

Add sub-captions to all the figures wherever applicable. - AK

Have one image for CDPR with the axes and zoom in on the platform for the other subfigures. - AS

Change NN, NR to NNM, NRM. fg: tb: sc: eq: for the labels. - AK

Units are missing everywhere; mention if scaling is done. If not, add the units wherever applicable. - AK

(SEI on hold) Add the background mathematics in the case of the algorithms NN, NR, DM and SEI. 
Explain the algorithm with the help of this mathematics.

Use \emph{} for all the phrases which are introduced. 
If a definition is required, then add a footnote where the information is optional in the main text. Refer to a standard text 
(book or the oldest paper that can be found) in the footnotes. - AK

Connect the singularity event identifier and algorithms used to detect singularities in the workspace. - AK/AS
Fit this in the narrative of the introduction.

Epsilon is the defined numerical tolerance; rewrite the definition. - AS

Add a figure which shows all the variables. - AK

Check and correct Fig. (6). - AS

Check and update the references for correct formatting. Update the tags in the ".bib" file. - AK

Reproduce the equations where required; mention that these are reproduced for the sake of completeness. -  AS

The norm used for SEI does not have a defined unit. Find a solution for this. 
Use rotation matrices to compute the difference in orientations. 
- Can compute k-phi, and phi may be used as the difference in orientation. -AK/AS
